ching wan on hello everybody, alright with
You are anna and you are
watching each one showing how it is done
You asked me for a football cap and I
I made two filter models and the other one
with milk carton type of fight
In today's video I'm going to show this one of
I felt that's what you ask me
What is my team? I'm a flamenco guitarist.
you leave in the comments what is the
team and to honor the parents
since this video was requested for them and
their day is almost at
today's kisses go to parents and
future parents
Kisses to kleiton lima did not tell me
patrick amaral and at the end of the video has
More kisses to make this campaign
You're going to need to go downtown black paper.
contact and transparent image of your
team
del colt black line with a
needle hot glue and scissors
The first thing we're going to do is
the mold for our campaign, let's
do more or less in this measure
we put the phone on and we have to
more or less a finger like
shows that we have recruited two
felt and now we're going to sew
The point that we are going to make will be the
Casey passed the needle down
up and passed the needle inside
of the line and let's do
around the center let's just leave
an open part in the video of the
Finally I'll explain better how that point
has this video appearing in the
I'll leave the description for this video
video link
after sewing it will be like this
now we 'll get a piece of
felt and let's put it inside the hood
so let's paste this part into the
hood and after glued the hood goes
stay like this, it will close like this
Now we'll get a piece of paper.
willingly and let's put on the
image of our team that is not my
team
cut the excess paper with
tati and we will leave in a way that
stay like this look and now we'll paste
with the hot glue up here from our
walks well in the closed part now
This one is missing the Velcro I
I'll put two pieces of velcro
because it will become much more resistant
mine will glue with hot glue but
You can also sew
it works and it 's like this
the cap is ready very simple very
easy to make the materials are super
super cheap any of you
can do this walk is a good
Tip for a Father's Day Gift
Valentine 's Day is because neither
predicts girls girls also like
football is not true
there you girls who love football
I left the comments and that's it.
Today's video I hope you have
I like it if you like, you know, I 'll just leave it.
like I'm going to love it and if you
do not know me, you enjoy it right away
it is written there in the channel is this button
red because so if you
you will receive all the
notifications and news here from
channel q
done with a lot of affection for you
take advantage also and gave him that there in the
facebook page there also has many
news and this is it or kisses a lot
great for you and until the next video
I forgot and forgot the last kisses.
Let's go to the last kiss, Lucas.
licht and braga luis borges and mardônio
Take a big kiss until the
next video